src/docs/asciidoc/api-reference.adoc, before:

= Twitch Follower Scanner API Reference
:toclevels: 1
:toc: left
:source-highlighter: rouge

The current documentation will use `twitch-follower-scanner.dev` as the *host*, but you need to change it to the *host* where you deployed the application.

[#auth]
== Authorization

That application used Session authorization.
For authorization, you need to open the url `/oauth2/authorization/twitch` in your browser.
After that, the user will be redirected to the Twitch authorization page, where he will be asked to give access to this application.
If the user grants access to this application, he will be redirected back to the application, and his authorization will be saved to the session.

== User Info

Get user info of streamer that was link:#auth[authorized] in the application.

operation::user-info/get[snippets='http-request,response-body,response-fields']

== Get Followers

Get a list of users that were obtained as a result of scanning followers of a steamer that was link:#auth[authorized] in the application.

operation::followers/list[snippets='http-request,response-body,response-fields']

== Get Scans

Get a list of scan operations for streamer that was link:#auth[authorized] in the application.

operation::scans/list[snippets='http-request,response-body,response-fields']

== Start new scan

Start new follower scan operation for streamer that was link:#auth[authorized] in the application.

operation::scans/create[snippets='http-request,request-headers,response-body,response-fields']

== Get XSRF token

operation::xsrf/get[snippets='http-request,response-body,response-fields']

Commit message:

Added documentation to methods for creating/getting/modifying/deleting a scan schedule

src/docs/asciidoc/api-reference.adoc, after:

= Twitch Follower Scanner API Reference
:toclevels: 1
:toc: left
:source-highlighter: rouge

The current documentation will use `twitch-follower-scanner.dev` as the *host*, but you need to change it to the *host* where you deployed the application.

[#auth]
== Authorization

That application used Session authorization.
For authorization, you need to open the url `/oauth2/authorization/twitch` in your browser.
After that, the user will be redirected to the Twitch authorization page, where he will be asked to give access to this application.
If the user grants access to this application, he will be redirected back to the application, and his authorization will be saved to the session.

== User Info

Get user info of streamer that was link:#auth[authorized] in the application.

operation::user-info/get[snippets='http-request,response-body,response-fields']

== Get Followers

Get a list of users that were obtained as a result of scanning followers of a steamer that was link:#auth[authorized] in the application.

operation::followers/list[snippets='http-request,response-body,response-fields']

== Get Scans

Get a list of scan operations for streamer that was link:#auth[authorized] in the application.

operation::scans/list[snippets='http-request,response-body,response-fields']

== Start new scan

Start new follower scan operation for streamer that was link:#auth[authorized] in the application.

operation::scans/create[snippets='http-request,request-headers,response-body,response-fields']

== Create scan schedule

Create schedule of the scan operation for streamer that was link:#auth[authorized] in the application.

operation::scans/schedule/create[snippets='http-request,request-headers,request-fields,response-body,response-fields']

== Get current scan schedule

Get current scan schedule for streamer that was link:#auth[authorized] in the application.

operation::scans/schedule/get[snippets='http-request,response-body,response-fields']

== Update current scan schedule

Update of the current scan schedule operation for streamer that was link:#auth[authorized] in the application.

operation::scans/schedule/patch[snippets='http-request,request-headers,request-fields,response-body,response-fields']

== Delete current scan schedule

Delete of the current scan schedule operation for streamer that was link:#auth[authorized] in the application.

operation::scans/schedule/delete[snippets='http-request,request-headers']

== Get XSRF token

operation::xsrf/get[snippets='http-request,response-body,response-fields']
